meta=eof+json update (#1)
bajtos/ipfs-specs: src/http-gateways/trustless-gateway.md

the raw data is already present in the parent block that links to the identity
CID.

## `meta` (content type parameter)

The `meta` parameter allows clients to request the server to include additional metadata about the CAR along with the response body.

The value of this parameter includes both the location where the metadata is given (e.g. `eof`) as well as the type of data received (e.g. `json`) separated by a `+`, to give a value such as `meta=eof+json`

When the location parameter is set to `eof`, which is currently the only supported value, the server SHOULD respond with <Response body as CARv1 stream> <0x00 byte> <Metadata>.

The only supported value for the data type parameter is `json`. This signifies that the metadata MUST be a JSON object.

This parameter MUST only be used with CAR `version=1`.

When the parameter is not set or does not equal `eof+json`, the server SHOULD not add any extra blocks to the response, neither the 0x00 byte nor any metadata.

When `meta=eof+json`, the JSON object SHOULD conform to the following [JSON schema](https://json-schema.org/).

```json

> {
>   "properties": {
>     "description": "Properties of the response"
>     "type": "object"
>   },
>   "error": {
>     "description": "Error message"
>     "type": "string"
>   },
>   "sig": {
>     "description": "A signature, using the server's Ed2559 identity, over the metadata properties object"
>     "type": "string"
>   }
> }

Reviewer: Great idea to use JSON schema 👍🏻 

In JSON schema, all properties are optional. So with the schema above, the following objects are valid metadata blocks:
- `{}` (an empty object)
- `{properties: {}}` (no signature)
- `{error: {}}` (no signature)
- `{signature: "..."}` (signature over empty metadata)

My proposal:

```suggestion
{
  "type": "object",
  "properties": {
    "data": {
      "description": "Metadata about the request and response"
      "type": "object"
    },
    "sig": {
      "description": "A signature, using the server's Ed2559 identity, over the 'data' object. The signature data MUST be encoded using hex encoding."
      "type": "string"
    }
  }
  "required": ["props", "sig"]
}
```

You can learn more about JSON Schema here: https://json-schema.org/learn/getting-started-step-by-step

Author: I left them all as optional as there may be other use cases that want to use this block in a completely different way. In Rod's example, he wanted either properties or error, but didn't have a signature. I think it might be hard for us to require a signature in the json object and get buy in from Lidel

Author: I have added the JSON schema wrapper around the existing object but left the required array empty for now

```

The properties object can include any fields that the server would like to implement. The following properties fields are mentioned explicitly to reach a convention on their definition as they have existing use cases.

```json
{
  "car_bytes": {
    "description": "The total byte length of the CAR stream (excluding the 0x00 byte and the metadata block)",
    "type": "integer"
  },
  "data_bytes": {

>     "description": "Total byte length of blocks (excluding the 0x00 byte and the metadata block, but including duplicates when present)",

Reviewer: I think the intention behind `data_bytes` is to describe the length of the original content before it was encoded into a CAR file. I.e. if you take a cat picture and upload it to IPFS, then `car_bytes` is the length of the CAR file created from that picture and `data_bytes` is the length of the picture file.

Author: ah ok, I will fix this

    "type": "integer"
  },
  "block_count": {
    "description": "Total number of blocks present in the CAR stream (excluding the 0x00 byte and the metadata block, but including duplicates when present)",
    "type": "integer"
  },
  "car_cid": {
    "description": "A hash of the CAR stream giving a CIDv1 with 0x0202 codec",
    "type": "string"
  },
  "b3checksum": {
    "description": "A Blake3 hash (checksum) of the CAR stream (excluding the 0x00 byte and the metadata block)",
    "type": "string"
  },

>   "content_path": {
>     "description": "The url path in the request as executed by the gateway",
>     "type": "string"
>   },
>   "query_params": {
>     "description": "The query string in the request as executed by the gateway",
>     "type": "string"
>   }

Reviewer: Based on the discussion in https://github.com/ipfs/specs/pull/431#discussion_r1327717940, I think we should choose different names here.

How about simplifying things and merging these two fields into one?

```suggestion
  "retrieval_params": {
    "description": "Retrieval parameters describing what the client requested from the gateway",
    "type": "object"
  }
```
